ENH: Allow recursively updating the sphinx configuration (#1599)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/advanced/sphinx.md

    key2: value2
```

> By default, any options set in this section will **override** default configurations set by Jupyter Book *non-recursively*.  That is, if you add a theme option to the `html_theme_options` dictionary in this section, it will replace the entire `html_theme_options` dictionary with the contents from this section.  Thus, default configurations set by Jupyter Book will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, any values in your `sphinx: config:` section will **entirely replace** the default configurations set by Jupyter Book.
For example, if values are dictionaries, the whole dictionary will be replaced, not just the keys that you specify in `_config.yml`.
```

> Alternatively, you can choose to have Jupyter Book override default configurations *recursively* with the `recursive_update` option in the `sphinx:` section, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can override default configurations *recursively* with the `recursive_update` option in the `sphinx:` section.
In this case, *only the values you specify* in `sphinx: config:` will overwrite their defaults, and the configuration you do not specify will remain.
You can trigger this behavior like so:
```
